I'm inside of our handler.
So at the very top we're going to import that publisher that we just created and make sure that we publish
the payment grade event after saving our newly created payment.
So at the very top.
I will import my publisher.
And I'll import that from up one directory.
Events Publishers Payment Created Publisher.
Then back down right after our payment save.
I'm going to create a new instance.
Of the payment created publisher.
Don't forget, we do have to provide a Nets client to this thing, and that means we need to also import
our Nets wrapper at the top of the file as well.
So at the very top.
I will also import my nats wrapper from up one directory.
Nats wrapper.
Then right after we create the new publisher, I'll stick in the net's wrapper client.
We have to call publish on their and to publish we have to provide some data for the event itself.
And so, again, if we forget what we have to provide, we can always mouse over the air and we'll be
told that we have to be able to provide the ID of the payment that was created, the order ID and the
stripe ID as well.
So for ID we will throw in payment ID.
Or the order ID we could use the order ID that was defined back up here.
But as best practice, we really like to take information directly off the record that we just saved
instead because who knows, we might be making some adjustment to the order ID, we might be changing
it in some fashion.
Same with the Stripe ID obviously we're not doing that in this case, but it's usually just best practice
to take information off the record we just saved because we don't know if there's something kind of
massaging that information before it actually gets stored inside the database.
So for the order ID while reference payment order ID.
And then for the strike by the same thing here.
Payment stripe ID.
Now again, we might choose to await this.
If we await this, then we're going to make sure that we await to publish the event before we send a
response back.
Alternatively, we could remove the weight and just say, Hey, let's just send back a response as soon
as possible and we're not going to worry about handling or waiting for the event to be published.
So I'm going to save it like this.
And now the very last thing that we might want to do is return some more meaningful data than just a
success.
True.
Right here.
So maybe instead we should return, let's say maybe the entire payment object or maybe just the payment
objects.
ID really in this case, just about any return value is totally fine because we're not really going
to make use of this information at any point in time inside of our React application.
So how about for right now, we'll just return the ID of the payment that was created.
If you want to, you could definitely write out a test around this and make sure that the ID that is
being sent back is the same as the payment that was actually saved to the database.
Totally up to you, but I'm not going to worry about it too much.
All right.
Well, that's pretty much it.
That is our payment service, or at least the payment route handler.
So let's take a pause right here, as usual.
Continue in just a moment.